At this point if you copy and paste the public IP of your instance that you created above, it will display Wordpress page.
On that Wordpress page, there are few other steps that need to be completed. Follow those steps, it should display a 
file name and a text that needs to be added in that file. So you need to go back to your instance connect and create 
that file and add the text given to you. You can either vi (the file name) and insert that message or you touch (file name) and
add the message by echoing the message (do not forget to append to avoid overwritting). Steps for vi are as follow



vi (file name), i (to insert the text) (copy the text from Wordpress and paste it) then Esc:wq! (to save and exit).

Then go back to continue the installation of Wordpress on the public IP of the instance, by adding the database name
which is different than the database identifier, the user name, password and the endpoint of the database that you
created in the private subnet. These last steps will now prompt you to create an username and password for your 
Wordpress. You can now login Wordpress and it will display Welcome to Wordpress message, you may customize as you wish.
Now you need to install mysql in order to view the different tables already in and or add more tables to the database you  
just connected to. Follow the steps below:


yum install mysql -y
mysql -h(RDS Endpoint) -u(RDS Username) -p(RDS password if you do not want people to see the password, click Enter
this will take you to the next line to enter the secret password)      (it should now display Welcome to DB Monitor)
show databases;                                                        (this will show all the databases you have there)
use (whatever database you want)
show tables;                                                           (this will show all the tables in chosen database)
select * from (whichever table you want)                               (this will select the table you want)
select * from (whichever table = sthg)                                 (this will return to you the table = whatever you want)
And so on....




:
